Thank you for your special trip to accompany me to see the villa
Should we be friends?
Dear, look at the villa in front of you, it's so beautiful.
You said that if we live here in the future, we won't be afraid of being discovered by your wife, right?
Little slut ghost ghost ghost
If you like it, let's go and see.
Do you like it just because it's slutty?
Hey, what are you doing?
Where did the poor come from?
The sneaky one is not stealing, right? Haha.
It was a hillbilly
Can't even open a combination lock
Go away
Don't delay us from looking at the house
Who do you call a thief?
This -- this is my villa.
What does it have to do with you?
Your villa is a villa that poor people like you will never be able to afford for a lifetime
Miss Song, Mr. Zhang, why don't you go in?
Hello, who are you?
I am the general manager of Shenglin Company
My little lover loves this villa
Can you quote a price?